Jessica Bailey-Pierre: How are you
Brian Kern: Sorry, I missed our last appointment I just
Brian Kern: I guess I didn't put it in my calendar.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, no problem.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You been
Brian Kern: Been okay I haven't been working because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That wasn't even a desirable place for you to work in the first place. So
Brian Kern: That's true, yeah. Sorry. Now I'm trying to get my unemployment.
Brian Kern: Is going to go
Brian Kern: Yeah, I've just been stay at home and you know my wife is still going to work. So like I cook food for a lot of stuff.
Brian Kern: Satellite contribute any way I can
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah well that's working with you. Why does your wife, what
Brian Kern: She works at Trader Joe's the grocery store.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I love that place.
Brian Kern: Yeah. A lot of people. Yeah.
Brian Kern: Yeah, it's like, still, it goes like really crowded, to the point where they right now. They're like,
Brian Kern: Controlling. How many people come in.
Brian Kern: Yeah yeah
Brian Kern: Yes, they're like really stressful honor
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And are they doing right here for that to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I haven't been out doing much grocery shopping, but I know the trader joes in my area that was the first time I experienced that all like, I believe, like 10 at a time going in.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Um, I think I'm going to Publix, too, but it was early in the morning they hadn't done that the sets, maybe later in the day they do that, but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Whatever it takes to make you feel safe, as well as the employees feel safe.
Brian Kern: Yeah, this is crazy, like she doesn't feel safe at all.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Gloves. Yeah. There they have masks for them.
Brian Kern: And stuff so
Brian Kern: Keeping her home masks. So
Brian Kern: The times that we like left to go like, we want to target today, get some stuff and
Reward
Brian Kern: I feel like she's going to be exposed like she's going to get exposed to, you know, I mean, just like
Brian Kern: Two containers.
Brian Kern: Young man.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah yeah
Brian Kern: Very scary crazy time
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I know and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And with your anxiety checking in. How is how is this for you.
Brian Kern: Oh,
Brian Kern: Some days I get pretty anxious, but
Brian Kern: Yeah, is is manageable. You know, I mean,
Brian Kern: I've been trying to like work, work out. And I've been gone to like digital a meetings on zoom
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Brian Kern: That's good. I felt like I needed I
Brian Kern: Needed to do that.
Brian Kern: No, I
Brian Kern: Like before that I haven't been to a meeting, basically the whole time. I live in Mexico, you know, because they're all so far with
Brian Kern: My house.
Brian Kern: Yeah, me is I mean just like stay home all that, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your hobbies or anything that you learned about yourself in this process.
Brian Kern: Oh, no. I mean, I've just been playing a lot of video games.
Brian Kern: Right.
Brian Kern: This like I play video games. I like clean house and Coke, you know,
Brian Kern: Workout morning
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I ever played the drama triangle video
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: For you.
Brian Kern: Know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I think prior to this, we just have one session. Right.
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay. All right. I want to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Make this video because it helps me to get a little more insight about the patients, I'm working with a different responses.
Brian Kern: Oh,
Brian Kern: You know what, let me let me connect
Brian Kern: My connection. So I started out
Brian Kern: In caves. Let's see if this makes it better.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: conflict arises between people, often in dramatic or intense relationships or interactions and it will hear it. Okay.
Brian Kern: Oh yes, I'm here.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To help us understand how conflict arises between people, often in dramatic or intense relationships or interactions and it was conceived by a guy called Stephen common in 1968
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it involves three different roles one that's kind of cold one down role and two that are called one up for all
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Three roles. The victim, the rescuer
persecutor
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And I think understanding how these roles work can really help us to identify how we could be resolving potentially destructive interactions that are quite
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Draining on our energy. So let's start with the victim role. And I think the victim role is quite self explanatory.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's the person who feels helpless and powerless, like they can never cut a break or they can never get ahead in life. They often think things like, you know, this always happens to me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Another role in this drama triangle is the rescuer and this person is someone who takes responsibility for other people's problems and they kind of make it their own problem.
Brian Kern: But at the same time, I don't really look at their own in fact be a complaint minutes and they'll say people who might be going through a difficult time and think, oh look at that person.
Brian Kern: You know they need help. I'm nice so I'll help them or maybe something a bit more parental like if that person did what I said they'd be happy.
And I think
Brian Kern: That we often say pay out between the victim.
Brian Kern: And the rescuer is something that we see in movies and, you know, romantic comedies all the time. It's something that we almost think is normal, but it really is an unhealthy interaction. So the third one is triangle.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is a persecutor. This is a person who is frustrated. They kind of self righteous and a bit of a bullied.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, and they might think things like you know they're wrong and I might may need to do what I say.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or that person will get what's coming to them. Another thing that's really important to recognize it at this triangle is that each of these roles move between each other.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, you know, the rescuer can become a prostitute or or the persecutor can become the victim, the victim can become prosecutor. So they all kind of move around another concept that's really important to understand when talking about the drama triangle.
Brian Kern: Is this idea of that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We tend to have this one role that we most naturally sort of enter into. So for instance, you know one person might often go straight to the victim role where someone else might jump into the rescue.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The other thing that's really interesting about this is that starting get role, sort of, is part of what we see as or an identity and like I said before, we shift from one role to the other.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Inevitably, we all end up in the victim role feeling powerless and helpless and then I able to do anything. And that's why it's really important to work out strategies for how to get out of this triangle.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I guess that brings me to the next question. How do we get out of this drama triangle.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So let's take it by looking at each role again. So in the one down victim role, we need to become a survivor. In order to do this.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: We need to think like a problem solver and ask ourselves questions like what do I want and what steps can I take to get what I want another useful thing to do is to reflect on the good things that are going away.
So we can make a note of it in a calendar or diary.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, ask ourselves questions like What are three things that I'm grateful for today.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or at the end of each week we could ask ourselves, what did I change this week.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So let's move on to the rescuer role. Again, if this is where you tend to find yourself sitting, you need to think of yourself as a teacher or a coach.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Rather than as a rescuer you need to remember the golden rule that teaching a man to fish.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So you need to support and encourage the person in ways to identify and solve their problems rather than rushing into solve it for them.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You can ask them things like, what is it that you want to see happen in a situation or what do you think you can do to changes.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Also, you need to make sure that you set boundaries setting boundaries around the time that you're able to listen to the person I'm letting them know that is really important.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In some ways it's a similar situation with the starting gate persecutor who left the rescue up for themselves in these sort of one off how powerful position.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The difference is with this role is that you need to become a challenge, need to be firm but fair in your approach to people.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And to help the person recognize how you're feeling, you need to sort of address the consequences of their actions and set boundaries. So for instance, you could say something like, if you if you keep your side of the agreement, I can keep one
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: As well the rescuer. It's important to remember to set these boundaries and recognize that this isn't your problem to solve.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: By freeing ourselves from this drama triangle, we are able to have happier, healthier relationships with people. We won't feel so drained and powerless and we'll also be able to identify toxic relationships that we may in fact be better off without
Brian Kern: Very insightful.
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Tell me more about that. What, what did you relate to
Brian Kern: Probably like
Brian Kern: Maybe definitely not persecutor
Brian Kern: Not really rescuer either. Yeah.
Brian Kern: I don't try it. I mean, I guess sometimes like when my wife is feeling depressed, finally help her.
Brian Kern: I mean,
Brian Kern: Like she's not feeling like the presley Lisa China.
Brian Kern: China like help her in that sense.
Brian Kern: You know I wouldn't
Brian Kern: I wouldn't really say I'm like a rescue though you know i got i try I do try to like figures figure stuff out for, you know, like right now she's on
Brian Kern: She's having trouble getting the medication that she usually takes
Brian Kern: Because it's like she never had a psychiatrist here.
Brian Kern: Yeah. Well, actually, she does, she saw a psychiatrist like on like a digital format, kind of like how we're doing, you know, but
Brian Kern: He actually tried today to do that again. And they said Ofer
Brian Kern: Seven trying to figure it out for
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like this is the higher level care.
Brian Kern: Know they said they weren't because the medication. She takes. It's like, I guess.
Brian Kern: I don't know. They just said they couldn't they couldn't give her that medication for some reason, even though he did last time.
Brian Kern: So,
Brian Kern: It's kind of, kind of, I mean she saw a summer vacation weapon like she's not alone out
So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I don't know.
But
Brian Kern: Yes, I guess, either the victim or the rescuer really, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You actually you actually align with the victim role in opportunities where your wife needs you. You're able to take on the rescue.
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah what what resonated with you in the video what times or situation was shared that made you say oh yeah that's that's my role right there.
Brian Kern: Oh,
Brian Kern: I guess.
Brian Kern: I don't know, like I was falling victim. Just because everything that's happened to me in the past, like with getting attacked by other shitty
Brian Kern: You know, like it's literally like this guy was on trial. And I was like the victim ups case, you know, I mean,
Brian Kern: So,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What was the outcome of that.
Brian Kern: He got life in prison.
Brian Kern: Yeah, like, basically. Oh.
Brian Kern: Yeah trial where I had to testify
Brian Kern: And so I really didn't want to but you know we got had to go on the stand and like
Brian Kern: You know, they're asking questions and
Brian Kern: Yeah, and then they were like showing the pictures of me like on the stretcher basically like with my face mutilated and stuff is pretty darn so yeah
Brian Kern: And then they they were talking about like how my brother died right afterwards and
Brian Kern: So like I still think about it a lot.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Of trauma, I can imagine that those you would replay those soon.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah yeah
Brian Kern: I still have nightmares.
Brian Kern: Sometimes about, you know, like a whole like be dreaming that back.
Brian Kern: Watering Austria by handing it off, you know,
Brian Kern: You don't really talk about they want
Brian Kern: To PTSD. The point where I'm like, like punching walls should
Brian Kern: I still like
Brian Kern: Think about it a lot, you know,
Brian Kern: It's like, you know, I'm like, I get reminded of it when
Brian Kern: Like all they
Brian Kern: Know, not even like I'll knock into things cuz I'm blind in my left guy, you know, I mean,
Brian Kern: We're like, you know, my right hand is messed up. So like
Brian Kern: Ali, maybe like drop something with my hand, you know, I mean I'll kind of like
Brian Kern: Freak out sometimes
You know,
Brian Kern: And like I have a lot of like I say, like, this is why I'm like so hyper vigilant when I gone public
Brian Kern: You know, it just affects the way I think about. So, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Have a live experience you have daily reminders physiology physiology through your, your vision and motor skills as a result of this
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So when you have those flashbacks and you have those reminders what my tab is your back over to present moment.
Brian Kern: Oh,
Brian Kern: I don't know. I mean, I'm just like, call now.
Brian Kern: You know,
Brian Kern: I guess it's more like I like really like I'm just
Brian Kern: It's gotten better over the years because like it was like a long time ago now. I was like six years ago.
Brian Kern: Is still
Brian Kern: I still get angry about
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So in in the role in the victim role right there was certain terminology that was used. Like, why does this type of stuff happened to me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The victim role.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What contributes to the victim role is haha they align themselves with people that are rescuers for, you know,
Persecuted
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What continues to manifest the victim role is when they hang out with other individuals that are in the victim role, but based on what you discussed with me.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And just how you said that there's moments where you can share to the restroom role. Um, I would assume I correct me if I'm wrong. My assumption that you your community or your supports.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: They're not also aligned in the victim role. Is that accurate.
Brian Kern: Yeah, when
Brian Kern: You think so yeah
Brian Kern: Oh really, I mean I know thing is only have any friends, you know, I mean,
Brian Kern: So, I mean, I'm like, you know, I don't have any friends here.
Brian Kern: Oh,
Brian Kern: Mean
Brian Kern: I wouldn't say my wife is like a victim role will
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Be
Brian Kern: Probably the persecutors
Brian Kern: Yeah yeah
Brian Kern: You. Yes, Maggie.
Brian Kern: For stuff. Yeah.
Brian Kern: Yeah, just say first
Brian Kern: Maybe like at some point maybe she's a rescuer yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, they say, if it's a it's absolute loans or maybe
Brian Kern: The sort of
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: certain situations that puts us in a bit tomorrow.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then other situations will will go to different roles, because of the situation, but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's that starting gate, and this is who you naturally. Are you know onset. This is the person that you want.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And then if given us opportunity or meeting to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Your take on another role. And so from what you share with your wife, you know, you're starting gate is the victim role, but
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, you know, almost heard of, kind of a little, like, Okay, well, we thought about him, he thought, we'll know when it comes to my wife, it's like you they like you physically like worked up the courage to say I am the rescuer I can be the rescue when it comes to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you find yourself in conflict in your marriage in the roles between being a victim and being the rescuer
Brian Kern: No, I don't think so.
Brian Kern: You know,
Brian Kern: I mean, we don't. We never like fight about anything. We literally like, you know, like I tell people like you kind of have like the perfect marriage, almost like we don't ever like argue about a thing.
Brian Kern: You know, a unit. She is mad at me like,
Brian Kern: It's not like anything serious, you know, I mean,
Brian Kern: Like she might get mad at me because like I didn't clean the kitchen well enough, or something like that, you know, I mean,
Brian Kern: And I just
Brian Kern: I just clean, clean it, you know.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Like
Brian Kern: I think I'm rolling. Now, like with every day. I'm not working out. Time to enroll the House has been hagen's just
Brian Kern: Trying to make sure that it's clean. Well, I mean, she doesn't really, you know, we don't ever argue about anything.
Brian Kern: I mean, because we really best friends before we got married, you know, I mean,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So I want to go back to how you said you have the flashbacks and you're able to get yourself out of it. You don't necessarily know how, but you're able to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah. So one of the things I like to to have patients do is use the imagination and think of a distancing metaphor to that means these type of traumatic experiences or memories that late when they come to you. You literally like separate yourself from it. It's distancing
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So some imagery is that I've used is, you know, this a hot air balloon and it's about to take up and you literally see the hot air balloon on the vehicle, you know, driving and then you're able to see and
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's several different things and feel free to come up with your own example that that resonates best with you, but the distance the metaphor would be another tool that you can use.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Because often patients that have been endorsed so much trauma, they find a way to not think about it or to deal with it, but not necessarily cope with it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To deal in a coping is so different, because dealing is I gotta live license going to keep going. It's along the lines of surviving and thriving.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The coping gives you that state of thriving so that with the coping it's focused skills so that over time. You don't have to deal with the distress as
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So what distancing imagery which you want to use in regards to this experiment.
Brian Kern: I think probably the one you sent out of the car.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Brian Kern: We got an earlier. Yeah. Especially because I tried to
Brian Kern: You know, I've tried to put it by me a lot.
Brian Kern: You know hasn't necessarily
Parts.
Brian Kern: I tried to
Brian Kern: I tried. I've tried in the past it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, yeah.
Brian Kern: I guess is still like like the worst part about it is like my twin brother overdose right after
Brian Kern: You know, I mean,
Brian Kern: Like I can. I almost like deal with the violence of it you know i mean i
Brian Kern: Just, you know, just like
Brian Kern: This is like the worst part of that whole situation early
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So with that, with having all these different triggers the memories to live experiences with your hyper vigilance, the body.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Reminders
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The dispensing and be able to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When you recall the experiences to have that reminder that this present day.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And, you know, coming up with imagery resources that when you have that thought. You can immediately replace it with something that's more comforting for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that distancing metaphor is good because now you have that memory and then you just imagine yourself.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In a vehicle, you know, you can create this vehicle, you know, could be the current vehicle, you're in. It could be your dream vehicle. I love a Cadillac Escalade escalate. I love those big trucks at the business like
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh yeah, I love it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: But I would envision myself in a Cadillac Escalades all black and just soaking up driving and the sun setting like I would create it. So when I say imagery like really go to that space. And because you've created it, you can access that thought every time that memory comes up. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There'd be a could be really be going
Brian Kern: Just
Brian Kern: Like where are we going
Brian Kern: I don't know. Probably just
Brian Kern: As far away from what happened as possible.
Brian Kern: You know, I mean,
You know,
Brian Kern: Like, I'm glad that I'm fine, you know, make it happen in Virginia. I mean, New Mexico. Now,
Brian Kern: It's trying to like start over.
Brian Kern: You know, so probably it would be driving likes
West
Brian Kern: What car would be
Brian Kern: I don't know about that. Never been a big like car person, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: My it's just whenever I see a Cadillac Escalades like I think that was meant for my life.
Brian Kern: I'm surprised the chapel Cadillac.
Brian Kern: I like those cars a lot to actually
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah yeah
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So think about the color and you know you want it to be a truck small vehicle. Do you want somebody in the car with you or no one. It's just you driving by yourself.
Brian Kern: My wife was in the car.
Brian Kern: And probably
Brian Kern: Why does be she isn't Jeep dislike really sweet, you know,
Brian Kern: It shows a jeep.
Brian Kern: Cherokee maybe
Brian Kern: It is like a race is very sweet. Honestly, it's like it's green.
Brian Kern: And I like her a lot
Brian Kern: Now,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Know, be good too, because your wife represents so much peace and happiness for you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And that really brings you back to the present moment because your wife is here now your interview and driving where you're headed west.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So the next time you have that reminder
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Tap into that image.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Another
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Another resource would be also
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Think of something or someone real or imaginary that represents piece for you, safety and nurturing
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What would that be
Brian Kern: To be my mom, honestly.
Brian Kern: Let me see. But, you know, she was like
Brian Kern: Yeah, very peaceful and just
Brian Kern: Yeah, she always had my back. No.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So that's, that's a safe nurturing figure for you. Are there any makes mixed roles with that. Were there any experiences with her that will probably complicate that imagery
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So, um, the reason why X is like parental figures, there's some size that represent nurturing and say if a parent has an addiction or there was abuse. So there was like a bad argument you had with
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That comes along, when you have that imagery
Brian Kern: Know there was anything like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Oh, good. Yeah. So another one. If this is seen as a working, you can also tap into. Okay, my resource figure, my mom.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, imagine what it's like if you will be in humped by your mind, you know, and really get into that moment, you know, how did she needed she heard it tightly, you know. Can I smell her perfume.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, I don't know how long your hair, your mom's hair was but just really get into that imagery and allow yourself to feel the comfort of being a your mom's arms.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So this is what I call your resource team that when these traumatic experiences happen. You have your business. The metaphor, which is the brain Jeep Cherokee
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Right and out of the West, you have your resource figure which is your mom who represents nurturing and safety and you're just helping your mom. Then there's also this container this container holds all of the lingering emotions.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So this container to hold the anger that you have towards the guy that did this, um, you know, when, if you replay how you how it was when when the jury.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm sorry testifying any motions that you just want to get rid of will be in a container and only you have the key to this container what Taylor look like describe it.
Brian Kern: Like an urn or something.
Brian Kern: Some, like that.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What kind of way to be a big weight be
Brian Kern: Blue sky like
Brian Kern: Probably a pretty big honestly just a lot of emotional side to it.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: So play a big blue earn
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, you have the key to
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It. So every now and then, you may want to recall positive moments that you have with your brother. And then when you go down memory street that situation might come on
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And it comes up and then you allow Brian to feel the comfort that he had with his brother, but you put all of those other emotions in that below.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And you lock it up.
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Brian Kern: I'm gonna think about my brother a lot lately, actually.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: What do you think it's bringing up these emotions.
Brian Kern: I don't know, honestly, you know, I was actually like listening because like
Brian Kern: He would show me a lot of like metal you know we listen to a lot of metal together. And like we got a metal concerts and like huge Sony bands a lot and like
Brian Kern: You showed me this one big
Brian Kern: lossless saints home today. Yeah, it was like last last man. He showed me last time I saw us like check this band out you know we listen to it.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I don't really know is just lovely love music I listen to remind me of something like that. You know what I mean. Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's tragic that this had to happen to you and your brother. Well, when you have those emotions or yourself to film, you know, in that
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Field them identify what the feelings are and, you know, are there any thoughts attached to these feelings, and behaviors. It's been encouraging my patients to look for the patterns of thoughts, feelings, and behaviors, because they're all the alignment working together.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And for the most part, there's so much tragic memories that are repressed for a reason.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No one wants to relive those experiences of feel bad pain.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Some people have dealt with it through addiction what your anger. And so these resources gives you that opportunity in a safe space to if the if the memories revisit I have a way to reset.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And create a new imagery from ourselves.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And the more times that I activate my brain to reset from trauma to nurturing security, peace, tranquility and control because that's what that container represents
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: That blue earn that she had the key to represents the power that you have
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: In a situation where you are powerless, you were sleeping and this guy victimized you and your brother.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Now you have the power to put those spots away and you are the only one that has the key.
Brian Kern: To that all stable.
Brian Kern: Because when
Brian Kern: We know when, like I feel this kind of stuff. I'll just
Brian Kern: I usually like find myself sitting it you know i mean
Just
Brian Kern: Yeah, I still haven't like I haven't really been like, you know, dealt with, like, you know, I haven't really dealt with a lot, you know, like I watched my mom died. I never dealt with that. So I just started I was getting high.
Brian Kern: And then with my brother is the same thing. I just, you know, found myself just getting high just trying to think about it. You know, I mean, but now that I'm not
Brian Kern: No, I'm not getting high anymore. You know, like I just, I start thinking about all stuff, you know, I mean,
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You know, it's a girl and I chatted brain played and so
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: When, when those memories come up, but that activates activating these resource figures and safe ways to remember live your attic brain will take over and convince you that it's okay that it's justified that you need it.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, you deserve to live a better life. We don't have to deal with it. But the silver brain can be activated through the container that distancing and the nurturing resource.
Yeah.
Brian Kern: And
Brian Kern: I'd rather you know
Brian Kern: Now, you know, I tried to, like, you know, I'm really trying to stay clean so it's
Brian Kern: Yeah, I feel like it's important. It's important for me to deal with the same shit, you know, I mean,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: He didn't have any cravings.
Brian Kern: No Suboxone really helps with that.
Brian Kern: Like I don't, I don't really get cravings at all. Yeah, well,
Brian Kern: I mean, I did you know like when I relapsed a couple months ago.
Brian Kern: Yeah, it was kind of like
Brian Kern: I don't really like I was so anxious all the time that I didn't care that I was gonna pop up, you know, I mean,
Brian Kern: But now it's like
Brian Kern: I have so much to lose. Now, whereas
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Before
Brian Kern: You know, like a couple years ago and
Brian Kern: Everything I didn't have so much to lose said, you know, I mean,
Brian Kern: But now it's like, oh, you know, I'm married now and
Brian Kern: Yeah, I'm just trying to do the right thing, you know.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It just drag my number one you said when you had the relapse. A few months ago. You did a really care. That was the added brain, you know, telling you where any thoughts like that's identified here that came across your mind and had that relax.
Brian Kern: Oh,
Brian Kern: Yeah definitely like nobody has to do
Brian Kern: You know, I mean,
Brian Kern: I have to, you know, like I felt also a sister. I just like I needed it. You know, I mean,
Brian Kern: Maybe like I'm having a bad day to
Brian Kern: Definitely not. I'm only gonna have one. Yeah.
Brian Kern: Definitely not that
Brian Kern: I didn't think I can control it.
Brian Kern: You know, I mean like I literally like I just thought in my head. Like, I'm just going to use. So not so anxious anymore, but I'm not gonna like it all strolling out like that's what I was thinking in my head.
Brian Kern: Yeah, yeah, which is like don't because every time I use, I get strung out and
Brian Kern: going HAM with it, you know.
Brian Kern: I can't not
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Addictive brains, not done this be addicted brain that just takes over.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah.
Brian Kern: Yeah, I mean,
Brian Kern: I just was justifying it my head. You know, I mean,
Brian Kern: Like I was like I couldn't get my, you know, the medication that healthy not be so anxious
Brian Kern: And I wasn't sleeping at all, you know,
Brian Kern: So I just yeah I might have to say I needed to not feel like complete shit all the
You know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: The opportunity is, you know, the fact that you have. I can control it, like you said, that was your solo brain that now is saying, well, you know, you can control it, because you try it once, Brian. And then you just get strung out that's
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You want to be able to differentiate between the two.
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm having a bad day. I might as well use instead of that I'm having a bad day. I deserve to make myself happy. What can I do what what happiness look like for me right now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm you know changing, changing the statement after that, comma, um, nobody has to know except that eventually people find out
You know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Ways always contradicting because
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: It's like the the movies where they had the bad guy and the good guy on one in or the devil and the angel one. This is how the addictive brain and the social brain happens and if you don't have another voice to challenge that thought.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Or you don't put that out on trial. It'll just continue to work, continue to talk until that's the only voice you hear and before you know it you're like, wow, I just realized
Brian Kern: Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: And unless shame and guilt produces itself and the vicious cycle starts all over again because the shame convinces you will and Tom fell off. I might as well just keep up or makes you feel like you're so low that it's hard to see hope or to see a way out of this.
But there is a
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: There's research medication and several programs that proves that there is a way and you come into therapy to allow your sober boys, you're sober mind to have a voice.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: To get activated and now you taking all this information in, you know, kids, you're sober mind what opportunity to rise up because now has knowledge, you're, you're empowering the sober brain now.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I like to use this model for addiction. Any other distressing thought that you may deal with. I mean, this is good for anger. If you're a controlling person.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Depression, you know,
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: This can be adequate for anything.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: You have any questions about this or anything that we've discussed
Brian Kern: No, not I can think of.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yeah, I know you said that it helps to keep a set schedule that helps me too. So let's see. Today's Wednesday.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Do you want to meet
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Wednesday, the 22nd at
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Six o'clock or the following Wednesday, which is the 29th.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Which
Brian Kern: The one that's thanks to this.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, so let's do
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: April 22 at six o'clock.
Brian Kern: April 22 okay
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Does that time work for you.
Brian Kern: Yeah, that's fine.
Brian Kern: I'll put it in my calendar to. So this is a Wednesday. Right.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Yes. So Wednesday.
Okay.
Brian Kern: Is that a next one.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Is that next Wednesday. Yes, next Wednesday, the 22nd at six o'clock.
Brian Kern: Okay. Oh yeah, that's a week from now. Okay.
Brian Kern: For some reason I thought it was April 13 so I got confused.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: I'm mixing up my days too.
Yeah.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: All right, well, I'll see you next week. I want you to are you able to take a picture of this screen just so that if any of these thoughts play so that you can be mindful of when the attic brain is starting to cycle in your mind.
Oh,
Brian Kern: Let me see.
Brian Kern: I actually don't know how to take a screenshot this phone.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: Okay, I'll send it to you via email.
Brian Kern: Okay, thank you.
Jessica Bailey-Pierre: No problem. All right, you have a good night.
Brian Kern: All right. You too. Thank you, Jessica.
Brian Kern: Hi, but